muxapp/aesthetic, moon-star
muxapp/app, play
muxapp/archive, archive
muxapp/dingux, folder-search
muxapp/flip, clock
muxapp/moonlight, monitor-smartphone
muxapp/music, boom-box
muxapp/portmaster, ship
muxapp/ppsspp, gamepad
muxapp/retroarch, joystick
muxapp/rgbcontroller, lightbulb
muxapp/scrappy, image-down
muxapp/scummvm, box
muxapp/task, pocket-knife
muxapp/terminal, square-terminal
muxarchive/archive, package
muxarchive/installed, package-open
muxassign/core, box
muxassign/default, star
muxassign/system, gamepad
muxconfig/clock, clock
muxconfig/custom, user-round-cog
muxconfig/general, settings-2
muxconfig/language, languages
muxconfig/network, wifi
muxconfig/service, waypoints
muxconfig/storage, database
muxconfig/theme, palette
muxcustom/catalogue, book-text
muxcustom/config, file-sliders
muxcustom/theme, palette
muxfavourite/favourite, file-heart
muxgov/default, star
muxgov/governor, circle-gauge
muxhdmi/audio, speaker
muxhdmi/depth, layers
muxhdmi/enable, circle-power
muxhdmi/range, swatch-book
muxhdmi/resolution, proportions
muxhdmi/scan, scaling
muxhdmi/space, axis-3d
muxhistory/favourite, file-heart
muxhistory/history, file-check-2
muxinfo/credit, users-round
muxinfo/system, text
muxinfo/tester, circle-arrow-down
muxinfo/tracker, locate
muxlanguage/language, languages
muxlaunch/apps, layout-grid
muxlaunch/config, settings
muxlaunch/explore, compass
muxlaunch/favourite, heart
muxlaunch/history, history
muxlaunch/info, info
muxlaunch/reboot, rotate-ccw
muxlaunch/shutdown, power
muxnetprofile/profile, house-wifi
muxnetscan/netscan, wifi
muxnetwork/address, hash
muxnetwork/connect, unplug
muxnetwork/dns, hash
muxnetwork/enable, circle-power
muxnetwork/gateway, hash
muxnetwork/identifier, wifi
muxnetwork/password, square-asterisk
muxnetwork/scan, venetian-mask
muxnetwork/status, activity
muxnetwork/subnet, hash
muxnetwork/type, network
muxoption/core, box
muxoption/folder, folder
muxoption/governor, circle-gauge
muxoption/rom, file
muxoption/search, search
muxpicker/catalogue, book-text
muxpicker/config, file-sliders
muxpicker/theme, palette
muxplore/favourite, file-heart
muxplore/folder, folder
muxplore/history, file-check-2
muxplore/rom, file
muxpower/battery, battery-low
muxpower/idle_display, monitor
muxpower/idle_sleep, pointer
muxpower/shutdown, moon
muxrtc/day, calendar
muxrtc/hour, clock
muxrtc/minute, clock
muxrtc/month, calendar
muxrtc/notation, clock
muxrtc/timezone, map-pin
muxrtc/year, calendar
muxsearch/content, file
muxsearch/folder, folder
muxsearch/global, search
muxsearch/local, search
muxsearch/lookup, keyboard
muxstorage/bios, cuboid
muxstorage/catalogue, tag
muxstorage/config, file-sliders
muxstorage/content, star
muxstorage/core, box
muxstorage/favourite, heart
muxstorage/history, history
muxstorage/language, languages
muxstorage/music, music
muxstorage/name, whole-word
muxstorage/network, house-wifi
muxstorage/pack-catalogue, book-text
muxstorage/pack-config, package
muxstorage/retroarch, joystick
muxstorage/save, save
muxstorage/screenshot, camera
muxstorage/syncthing, refresh-cw
muxstorage/theme, palette
muxstorage/userinit, file-code-2
muxsysinfo/capacity, battery-full
muxsysinfo/cpu, cpu 
muxsysinfo/device, gamepad
muxsysinfo/governor, circle-gauge
muxsysinfo/kernel, cuboid
muxsysinfo/memory, memory-stick
muxsysinfo/service, list-video
muxsysinfo/speed, rabbit
muxsysinfo/temp, thermometer
muxsysinfo/uptime, timer
muxsysinfo/version, gallery-horizontal-end
muxsysinfo/voltage, zap
muxtask/backup, database-backup
muxtask/clear, trash
muxtask/diagnostic, stethoscope
muxtask/ethernet, ethernet-port
muxtask/junk, regex
muxtask/network, network
muxtask/retroarch, joystick
muxtask/sdcard, hard-drive
muxtheme/theme, palette
muxtimezone/timezone, map-pin
muxtweakadv/accelerate, arrow-down-wide-narrow
muxtweakadv/brightness, sun
muxtweakadv/cardmode, wrench
muxtweakadv/dpadswap, gamepad
muxtweakadv/font, type
muxtweakadv/led, lightbulb
muxtweakadv/lock, lock
muxtweakadv/offset, battery
muxtweakadv/overdrive, speaker
muxtweakadv/retrowait, joystick
muxtweakadv/rumble, vibrate
muxtweakadv/state, circle-pause
muxtweakadv/swap, joystick
muxtweakadv/swapfile, arrow-left-right
muxtweakadv/theme, shuffle
muxtweakadv/thermal, flame
muxtweakadv/usbfunction, usb
muxtweakadv/userinit, file-code-2
muxtweakadv/verbose, megaphone
muxtweakadv/volume, volume-2
muxtweakgen/advanced, circle-ellipsis
muxtweakgen/bgm, music
muxtweakgen/brightness, sun
muxtweakgen/colour, thermometer-sun
muxtweakgen/hdmi, hdmi-port
muxtweakgen/hidden, eye
muxtweakgen/interface, layout-panel-top
muxtweakgen/power, zap
muxtweakgen/sound, volume-2
muxtweakgen/startup, circle-play
muxvisual/backgroundanimation, clapperboard
muxvisual/battery, battery
muxvisual/blackfade, presentation
muxvisual/bluetooth, bluetooth
muxvisual/boxart, image
muxvisual/boxartalign, scan
muxvisual/clock, clock
muxvisual/counterfile, list-ordered
muxvisual/counterfolder, list-ordered
muxvisual/dash, minus
muxvisual/folderempty, folder-x
muxvisual/folderitemcount, hash
muxvisual/friendlyfolder, case-lower
muxvisual/launchsplash, circle-play
muxvisual/name, parentheses
muxvisual/network, wifi
muxvisual/thetitleformat, remove-formatting
muxvisual/titleincluderootdrive, list-tree
muxwebserv/ntp, clock-arrow-down
muxwebserv/rslsync, shuffle
muxwebserv/sftpgo, folder
muxwebserv/sshd, terminal
muxwebserv/syncthing, refresh-cw
muxwebserv/tailscaled, globe-lock
muxwebserv/ttyd, square-terminal
